c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.exe.config
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.exe
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.pdb
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.xml
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.Form1.resources
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.About.resources
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.Settings.resources
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.Resources.resources
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.exe
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.xml
c:\users\schmitt\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Morse Tutor\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.pdb
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.exe.config
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.exe
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.xml
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.pdb
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.exe
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.pdb
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.xml
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.About.resources
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.Settings.resources
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse_Tutor.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\bin\Release\Morse Tutor.application
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Schmitt\Source\Repos\MorseDecode2\Morse Tutor\obj\Release\Morse Tutor.application
